Update http-response-codes.md (#110861)
Azure/azure-content: articles/application-gateway/http-response-codes.md

Azure application Gateway V2 SKU sent HTTP 504 errors if the backend response time exceeds the time-out value which is configured in the Backend Setting.

> IIS
> If your backend server is IIS please refer to the below link for setting the timeout value. Please check under the COnfiguration section and refer to Attribute Connection Timeout for more details. Please ensure the connection timeout in IIS matche or does not exceed the timeout set in the Backend setting.
> https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/iis/configuration/system.applicationhost/sites/sitedefaults/limits
> 
> nginx
> If the backend server is nginx or nginx ingress controller and if it has upstream servers then the please ensure the value of nginx:proxy_read_timeout matches or does not exceed with the timeout set in the backend setting. 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IIS

If your backend server is IIS, see [Default Limits for Web Sites <limits>](/iis/configuration/system.applicationhost/sites/sitedefaults/limits#configuration) to set the timeout value. Refer to the `connectionTimeout` attribute for details. Ensure the connection timeout in IIS matches or does not exceed the timeout set in the backend setting.

nginx

If the backend server is nginx or nginx ingress controller, and if it has upstream servers, ensure the value of `nginx:proxy_read_timeout` matches or does not exceed with the timeout set in the backend setting. 

```
